docs: Add some clarity to ottrace docs (#522)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-ruby-contrib: propagator/ottrace/README.md

| Header Name         | Description                                                                                                                            | Required              |
| ------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |

> | `ot-tracer-traceid` | 64-bit; 16 hex digits                                              | yes                   |

Author: ```suggestion
| `ot-tracer-traceid` | 64-bit; 16 hex digits (extract and inject) or 128-bit; 32 hex digits (extract)                                             | yes                   |
```

Reviewer: LGTM

> | `ot-tracer-traceid` | 64-bit; 16 hex digits or 128-bit; 32 hex digits                                                          | yes                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ot-tracer-traceid` | 64-bit; 16 hex digits                                              | yes                   |
```

Reviewer: `ot-tracer-traceid` will always be 64-bits on the wire. double check, but i believe this test case confirms that: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-ruby-contrib/blob/main/propagator/ottrace/test/opentelemetry/propagator/ottrace/text_map_propagator_test.rb#L311-L320

### Interop and trace ids

OTTrace was changed to be interoperable with other format so it is supposed to 8 or 16 byte array values for the trace-id.

> In order to do that Lightstep released a version of the OTTrace propagators in OpenTracing SDKs that left padded 8 byte headers to 16 bytes using an additional 8 bytes of 0s.

Author: ```suggestion
In order to do that Lightstep released a version of the OTTrace propagators in OpenTracing SDKs that left padded 64-bit headers to 128-bits using an additional 64-bit of 0s.
```

> The reality of the world is not every application upgraded to support 16 byte array propagation format, but this propagator must still convert legacy 8 byte trace ids to match the W3C Trace Context Trace ID 16 byte array.

Author: ```suggestion
The reality of the world is not every application upgraded to support 16 byte array propagation format, but this propagator must still convert legacy 64 but trace ids to match the W3C Trace Context Trace ID 16 byte array.
```

> The reality of the world is not every application upgraded to support 16 byte array propagation format, but this propagator must still convert legacy 8 byte trace ids to match the W3C Trace Context Trace ID 16 byte array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reality of the world is not every application upgraded to support 16 byte array propagation format, but this propagator must still convert legacy 64-bit trace ids to match the W3C Trace Context Trace ID 16 byte array.
```

> In addition to that it must be interoperable with legacy OTTracers, which expect 8 byte headers so this propagator truncates the value from a 16 byte array to an 8 byte array value before inject it into the carrier.

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to that it must be interoperable with legacy OTTracers, which expect 64-bit headers so this propagator truncates the value from a 128-bit to a 64-bit value before inject it into the carrier.
```

> This propagator is compatible with 8 or 16 byte trace ids which it normalizes to 16 bytes but only emits 8 byte trace ids.

Author: ```suggestion
This propagator is compatible with 64-bit or 128-bit trace ids when extracting the parent context, however it truncates the trace ids down to 64-bit trace ids when injecting the context.
```

Reviewer: also LGTM
